you like it I love this this is a wig
I've been having it for a while and I'm
reward today for the first time in a
long time and I love this oh my gosh
like I got a lot of compliments on this
people thinking is my hair made of this
girl in line at the store we're talking
about how her sister has curly hair like
mine and how her sister its she hates
having it but she loves it because it's
been so versatile and she was like how
people are so jealous of people with
curly hair and I was like no I'm just
kidding
alright so this video is not about my
hair oh and I got this and I just got
this an element this is is it le or L I
don't know but it's so cute I'm sure my
tutees
okay alright this video was not about
this wig or about my name this video is
about my hair my Rovere all right if you
are a for type girl you have 4b 4c hair
I'm gonna be trying some products that
mahogany curls mentioned in her past few
videos and I'm gonna see if it'll work
for myself at her mind so the first
product that she mentioned on our videos
she defined her hair with paul mitchell
the conditioner this bad boy was nine
dollars and they said it is returnable
so he's going back to the store if i
don't like it i'm gonna combine it with
this eco styler clear gel and see how
that turns out it's not gonna be in this
video this is just a prank video so
y'all have to know what's going on
what's coming up she also mentioned
someone told her about moisture milks
moisturizing conditioner by vo5 and they
said it's great when combined with the
blue eco styler gel with five stronghold
but with the number five hold but i
don't have that so i'm gonna combine it
with the eco styler see
it works now I'm going to also combine
the conditioner with argan oil to see
how that works that'll be in one video
and then another video I'll do eco
styler gel foam Mitchell and then in
another video I'll try the vo5
moisturizing the milk with the Eco style
and with the Argan all as well so stay
tuned for those videos if your for side
girl like me who has really kinky curly
hair overly curly then you may wanna
watch this video to see how that turned
out for me one all right thank you all
for watching bye